♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH, YU-GI ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Kaiba: MOKUBA, HAVE YOU
BEEN ABLE TO TRANSLATE
ALL THE TEXT ON THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA YET?
I'M PRETTY CLOSE,
BUT FOR SOME REASON,
THE NETWORK MAINFRAME
IS STILL HAVING TROUBLE
WITH THE LAST FEW WORDS.
LET'S HAVE A LOOK.
UGH! WAIT!
THIS CAN'T BE!
I CAN READ IT!
YOU WHAT?
Voice-over: THAT EGYPTIAN TEXT
IS COMPLETELY CLEAR TO ME!
I CAN READ THAT PARAGRAPH AS IF
IT WERE WRITTEN IN ENGLISH!
BUT I'VE NEVER SEEN THAT
LANGUAGE BEFORE IN MY LIFE!
IT'S WRITTEN
IN AN ANCIENT TEXT.
ONE THAT WAS
USED BY HIGH-RANKING
INDIVIDUALS IN EGYPT.
Ishizu: ON THE LEFT
IS A SORCERER
FIGHTING AGAINST THE PHARAOH.
THAT'S YOU, KAIBA!
IF YOU STILL HAVE ANY DOUBT,
LOOK AT HIS MONSTER.
IT'S THE BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON!
Kaiba, voice-over:
SOMEONE'S TOYING WITH MY MIND!
I'M NOT SOME ANCIENT MAGICIAN!
I'M THE PRESIDENT OF KAIBA CORP!
YOU OKAY? SETO?
Voice-over: THESE EGYPTIAN MYTHS
ARE BEGINNING TO AFFECT MY HEAD!
SETO?
Announcer: ATTENTION DUELISTS:
ROUND ONE OF THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS IS NOW COMPLETE!
THE 4 REMAINING FINALISTS ARE:
YUGI, JOEY, KAIBA, AND MARIK.
THE COMPETITION
WILL RESUME TOMORROW
WHEN WE LAND
AT OUR NEXT DUELING SITE.
GUESS WE'RE NOT DUELING
ON THE BLIMP ANYMORE.
OH, WELL. I WAS GETTING
AIRSICK ANYWAY.
I USED UP 3 BARF BAGS!
WELL THE IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT WE BOTH MADE IT
TO THE NEXT ROUND!
THAT'S RIGHT SO LOOK OUT
KABIA AND MARIK!
HERE WE COME! AW, YEAH!
IT'S DUELIST KINGDOM
ALL OVER AGAIN!
YUP!
HEY GUYS, BOTH OF YOU
HAVE GOT SOME
SERIOUS RESTING TO DO!
YEAH. THIS TOURNAMENT'S
BEEN PRETTY
INTENSE SO FAR.
YOU SAID IT, YUGE.
WELL, IT CAN'T GET
MUCH WORSE.
BAKURA AND ODION
ARE KNOCKED OUT,
AND MAI'S
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
AND IT'S ALL
BECAUSE OF MARIK
AND HIS EVIL PLAN.
DON'T WORRY, YUGI,
WE'LL STOP THAT CREEP.
NOW LET'S
CHECK UP ON MAI.
Ishizu: GREETINGS, YUGI.
ISHIZU!
I'M SORRY ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR FRIEND.
MAY I PAY HER
A VISIT WITH YOU?
HEY, SERENITY.
HOW'S MAI?
QUIET.
Tea: WE GOTTA GET
HER MIND BACK!
SERENITY, HAS SHE
SAID A WORD?
NOPE. NOT A THING.
POOR MAI...I M SORRY
I LET YA DOWN,
BUT MARK MY WORDS:
I PROMISE YOU'LL GET YOUR
REVENGE AGAINST THAT MARIK!
Serenity: NO, JOEY.
CAN'T YOU SEE THAT
ANGER AND REVENGE
WILL ONLY
MAKE THINGS WORSE?
THAT'S JUST HOW MAI
GOT THIS WAY.
MARIK IS SO FULL
OF ANGER AND HATE
THAT HE GETS PLEASURE
FROM WATCHING
OTHER PEOPLE SUFFER.
THAT JERK!
WHEN I TOOK
MY BANDAGES OFF,
THIS IS NOT WHAT
I WANTED TO SEE.
SERENITY...
IT'LL BE OK.
I'M SORRY, SIS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THERE IS HOPE AHEAD.
FOR WHERE THERE IS EVIL,
THERE IS ALSO GOOD.
MARIK WAS GOOD ONCE.
HE BEGAN LIFE
AS AN INNOCENT CHILD
LIKE EVERYONE DOES.
BUT THAT INNOCENCE
DISAPPEARED
LEAVING MY BROTHER
WITH A DARK HOLE
WHERE HIS HEART ONCE WAS.
I REMEMBER
WHEN THIS EVIL WAS BORN.
IT HAPPENED ON THE NIGHT
MARIK RECEIVED
THE TOMB KEEPERS INITIATION
AND INHERITED THE TASK
OF PROTECTING
THE PHARAOH'S TOMB,
A TASK HE ALWAYS RESENTED.
NOW, THIS DARK PRESENCE
HAS COMPLETELY TAKEN
OVER MY BROTHER'S BODY.
ISHIZU, WHAT HAPPENS
IF THERE'S NO WAY
TO SAVE YOUR BROTHER?
HMM...
IT MAY BE TOO LATE.
YOU SAID IT WAS MY DESTINY
TO SAVE THE WORLD
FROM DESTRUCTION.
I THOUGHT THAT MEANT
DEFEATING YOUR BROTHER
AND PUTTING AN END TO
HIS PLAN, NOT SAVING HIM.
HE'S CAUSED ENOUGH
DAMAGE ALREADY!
MARIK MUST BE STOPPED!
Joey: YUGI'S GOT
A POINT, ISHIZU.
WHAT IF IT'S TOO LATE
TO SAVE MARIK
FROM THE EVIL
THAT'S INSIDE HIM?
I MEAN, YA GOTTA ADMIT,
THE GUY'S ABOUT
AS NASTY AS THEY COME!
Tea: YEAH. IT'S HARD
TO IMAGINE HIM
EVER BEING NICE!
YOU MUST TRUST ME.
I KNOW THERE IS HOPE.
THERE'S STILL MUCH
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
Voice-over: IT WASN'T THAT LONG
AGO THAT MY BROTHER, MARIK,
BEGAN TO LOSE HIS WAY
AND TURN TOWARD THE DARKNESS.
FOR GENERATIONS, MY FAMILY
HAS LIVED IN SECRECY,
DEEP BENEATH THE DESERT SANDS,
WATCHING OVER
THE TOMB OF THE PHARAOH.
FOR 5,000 YEARS,
AN ISHTAR HAS STOOD GUARD
WAITING FOR PHARAOH TO RETURN.
AS THE FIRST-BORN ISHTAR SON,
MARIK WAS REQUIRED
TO BARE THE PHARAOH'S
SECRET ON HIS BACK
AND FORBIDDEN
TO EVER LEAVE THE TOMB.
I'M GOING!
SHHH! MARIK,
YOU HAVE TO BE QUIET.
STOP WORRYING.
IT'S LATE.
I'M SURE FATHER'S
ASLEEP BY NOW.
[SIGHS]
YOU PROMISED
YOU'D TAKE ME
OUTSIDE ONE DAY.
WHY CAN'T WE GO NOW?
I WANNA SEE
THE OUTSIDE WORLD!
IF FATHER FINDS OUT,
WE'LL BOTH
BE IN BIG TROUBLE.
DON'T YOU KNOW THE CODE
OF THE TOMB KEEPERS?
THE OUTSIDE WORLD'S
OFF-LIMITS TO US.
RELAX, SIS. ODION
WILL COVER FOR US
AND FATHER
WILL NEVER SUSPECT
A THING. RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
ISHIZU, COME ON.
I WANNA LIVE LIKE
A NORMAL PERSON FOR ONCE.
PLEASE, SIS?
NO ONE
WILL EVER KNOW.
OH, COME ON. JUST THIS
ONE TIME, ISHIZU.
AREN'T YOU
A LITTLE CURIOUS?
MISS ISHIZU,
I PROMISE I'LL TAKE
CARE OF EVERYTHING.
IT'S MY DUTY TO
ENSURE
THAT MASTER MARIK
IS SAFE.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHY NOT?
JUST FOR
A LITTLE WHILE.
OK, MARIK. IF IT'S
THAT IMPORTANT TO YOU.
THANK YOU, SIS!
BUT PROMISE ME THIS:
AFTER ONE HOUR,
WE'LL RETURN HOME
AND NEVER
SPEAK OF THIS AGAIN.
I PROMISE!
FINALLY! I CAN SEE HOW
THE SURFACE-DWELLERS LIVE!
THIS SHOULD WORK.
Ishizu:
NOW REMEMBER, MARIK,
ONE HOUR AND THEN
WE RETURN HOME!
AND NO ONE MUST
EVER KNOW ABOUT THIS!
AH!
Ishizu, voice-over:
I KNEW WE WERE VIOLATING
OUR FAMILY'S CODE,
BUT I ALSO KNEW THAT MARIK
DESERVED TO SEE THE LIGHT
OF THE OUTSIDE WORLD
AT LEAST ONCE IN HIS LIFE.
I DIDN'T REALIZE THAT
HIS EXPOSURE TO THIS LIGHT
WOULD CAUSE THE DARKNESS
WITHIN HIM TO GROW.
[CHATTERING]
Ishizu: MARIK,
SLOW DOWN, BROTHER!
I TOLD YOU TO STAY
BY MY SIDE!
SISTER! JUST LOOK
AT ALL THESE PEOPLE!
I NEVER DREAMED
IT LOOKED LIKE THIS!
MARIK, THIS
IS NOT OUR WORLD,
SO DON'T GROW
TOO ATTACHED!
OH, DON'T WORRY!
[LAUGHING]
MARIK!
HUH? IT'S A BOOK!
Ishizu: DON'T
TOUCH ANYTHING!
THAT'S NOT RIGHT.
BOOKS SHOULD NEVER
BE JUST THROWN AWAY.
HEY, THIS ISN'T LIKE
MY SCRIPTURES AT ALL!
THIS IS FUN!
HOLD ON, WHAT IS THAT!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
ANYTHING LIKE THAT BEFORE!
Man on TV: SORRY,
BUT I'M A LONER, DOTTY.
A REBEL!
WAIT A SECOND!
THE MAN INSIDE
THAT GLASS BOX
HAS ONE OF THESE
MACHINES!
MARIK?
HEY KID, HAVE YOU
NEVER SEEN A TV BEFORE?
OH?
MARIK, LET'S GO!
BUT...!
YOU'RE
IMPOSSIBLE!
ISHIZU, WHAT WAS
IN THAT GLASS BOX?
IT'S A TV.
AH. TV!
WELL, WHAT WAS
THAT STRANGE MACHINE
I SAW INSIDE THE TV?
A MOTORCYCLE.
I WANNA RIDE ONE!
I JUST HAVE TO!
BUT AS LONG
AS I'M A TOMB KEEPER,
I'LL NEVER BE ABLE
TO RIDE ON A MOTORCYCLE
OR WATCH A TV!
[GASPING]
Ishizu, voice-over:
I HAD TO GET HOME.
HE'D ALREADY SEEN TOO MUCH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
MARIK, OUR TIME
IS UP. WE MUST GO.
OH, NOT YET!
YOU PROMISED YOU'D
OBEY, REMEMBER?
I'M SORRY.
ONE MORE THING!
CAN I BRING HOME
THE PICTURE
OF THE MOTORCYCLE
FROM MY BOOK?
MARIK,
IF FATHER FINDS IT,
WE'RE IN TROUBLE.
PLEASE, SISTER?
IT'S JUST ONE PICTURE!
OK, YOU CAN TAKE IT.
BUT PROMISE ME
THAT YOU'LL HIDE IT
WHEN WE GET BACK HOME.
YEAH!
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
THE PHARAOH WILL SOON
RETURN TO THIS WORLD.
PREPARE FOR HIM.
HEY, WAIT!
WHO ARE YOU ANYWAY?
READY YOURSELVES
RIGHT NOW.
YOUR LIVES AND YOUR
DESTINIES DEPEND ON IT.
BUT I MUST WARN YOU:
IF YOU REJECT
YOUR SACRED DUTY,
THE FUTURE WILL BRING
NOTHING BUT TRAGEDY.
WHO ARE YOU?
DON'T GO!
HOW DO YOU KNOW
SO MUCH?
Ishizu: I KNEW I HAD MADE
A GREAT MISTAKE!
AS THE KEEPERS
OF THE PHARAOH'S TOMB,
WE WERE FORBIDDEN
TO SEE THE WORLD,
AND I WAS BEGINNING
TO UNDERSTAND WHY.
I WAS ABOUT TO PAY
THE PRICE FOR MY ACTIONS.
I EXPOSED MARIK TO A WORLD
HE SHOULD NEVER HAVE SEEN
AND THIS CAUSED MARIK
TO REJECT OUR FAMILY,
AND HIS EVIL SIDE GREW.
WHERE'D HE GO?
WHAT DID THE STRANGER MEAN
WHEN HE WARNED US, HUH?
WHERE DID
THAT GUY COME FROM
AND HOW DID HE KNOW
WE'RE WAITING
FOR THE PHARAOH--
MARIK,
YOU MUSTN'T SPEAK
OF THE PHARAOH
RIGHT NOW!
I'M SORRY
WE NEVER SHOULD HAVE
COME UP HERE TODAY.
JUST FORGET
ALL THAT YOU SAW.
FORGET ABOUT THE STRANGER,
AND LET'S GO HOME.
Ishizu, voice-over: BUT NOW THAT
HE HAD SEEN THE OUTSIDE WORLD,
FORGETTING IT
WAS AN IMPOSSIBLE TASK.
WHY DO WE HAVE
TO GO BACK DOWN
INTO THE DARKNESS?
MARIK, IT'S JUST
NOT OUR CHOICE.
OH...
JUST GIVE ME
ONE MINUTE, SIS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING, MARIK?!
Marik, voice-over: SOMEDAY,
I'LL RIDE ONE OF THESE.
I'LL RIDE RIGHT OUT
OF THE DARKNESS BELOW.
I'LL RIDE AWAY FOREVER
AND NO ONE WILL
BE ABLE TO STOP ME!
NOT MY FATHER!
NOT SOME STUPID PHARAOH!
NO ONE!
I'LL FINALLY BE FREE!
AND I'LL CONTROL
MY OWN DESTINY!
MARIK!
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE!
[SIGHS]
[MAKING MOTORCYCLE NOISES]
REMEMBER, WE CAN'T
WAKE FATHER.
WHAT'S THAT THING,
SIS, RIGHT UP THERE?
Ishizu, voice-over:
IT'S SOME KIND OF ALARM!
I MUST NOT HAVE SEEN IT
IN THE DARK.
ISHIZU, WHAT'S WRONG?
OH, NO!
SISTER! TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON!
IS FATHER GOING TO
BE ANGRY WITH US!?
WE'VE GOT TO
GET BACK TO OUR BEDS!
OH!
HUH? ODION!
ODION!
Ishizu, voice-over: BUT MY
FATHER HAD ALREADY WEAKENED HIM
WITH THE MILLENNIUM ROD!
MASTER MARIK...
I'M SORRY I FAILED YOU.
Mr. Ishtar: ODION,
YOU WERE SUPPOSED
TO PROTECT MARIK!
I WANT YOU TO LEAVE
AND NEVER RETURN!
MARIK, ISHIZU...
HOW DARE YOU!
YOU KNOW YOU ARE FORBIDDEN
TO WALK WITH THE OUTSIDERS!
NOW ODION MUST PAY
FOR YOUR DISOBEDIENCE
BY LEAVING US FOREVER!
THAT DECISION IS FINAL.
[SCREAMING]
MARIK?
[LAUGHING]
STOP LAUGHING!
RIGHT NOW!
Yami-Marik: YOU DON'T
SCARE ME ANYMORE.
WHAT? MARIK!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
FROM NOW ON,
THESE ITEMS ARE MINE.
MARIK, YOU SHALL
INHERIT THOSE
WHEN THE TIME
IS RIGHT!
AND NO SOONER!
WHY DON'T YOU
KEEP QUIET, OLD MAN.
I'M MAKING
MY OWN RULES NOW.
I ORDER YOU
TO PUT THAT DOWN!
AND IF I DON'T?
MARIK, DROP IT!
Ishizu: MARIK, NO!
[GRUNTING]
OH, MY SON!
MARIK, STOP THIS
RIGHT NOW!
THIS DOESN'T
CONCERN YOU, ISHIZU!
[GROANING]
YOU'RE NOT MARIK.
VERY PERCEPTIVE.
NOW THEN, FATHER,
TIME TO SEND YOU
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
NOOOOO!
THE FUTURE IS MINE!
NOW TO DESTROY MY PAST.
NO, MASTER.
YOU NEED ME
TO PROTECT YOU.
Marik: ODION!
WHAT HAVE I DONE!?
ARE YOU OK?
MASTER, LOOK AT ME.
ODION,
BUT WHAT HAPPENED?
IT'S ALL RIGHT NOW.
Stranger: WRONG!
THAT'S HIM!
AAAH! THE STRANGER!
STAY AWAY!
YOU HAVE TAKEN YOUR
FIRST STEP, MARIK,
ON A DANGEROUS PATH
OF ULTIMATE DARKNESS.
NOW YOU MUST TURN BACK
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
SOON THE PHARAOH
WILL RETURN. TURN BACK.
WHO ARE YOU?!
[GROWLS]
Yugi, voice-over: SEEMS LIKE
MARIK'S ANGER AND JEALOUSY
FED THE EVIL INSIDE HIM.
LADY, I'M SUPPOSED
TO FEEL BAD
FOR THAT SPOILED BRAT
BECAUSE HE GREW INTO
SOME EVIL NUTCASE!?
LOOK, YOUR BROTHER
TRAPPED MAI'S MIND
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
NOW SHE'S LIVING OUT
HER WORST NIGHTMARES,
AND I'M GONNA
MAKE SURE HE PAYS!
YUGI, IT IS POSSIBLE
TO DESTROY THE EVIL
WITHIN MY BROTHER
WITHOUT DESTROYING THE GOOD.
I REALIZE NOW THAT
DESTINIES CAN BE CHANGED.
BUT HOW?
AS THE PHARAOH'S VESSEL,
YOU HAVE
THE POWER TO DO IT.
Announcer: ATTENTION
ALL DUELISTS AND GUESTS:
LIGHTS OUT IN TWO MINUTES!
ALL RIGHT! TIME TO CRASH
IN JOEY'S SUITE!
WHAT YOU TALKING
ABOUT, TRISTAN?
COME ON! YOUR ROOM'S
LIKE A PALACE!
YOU'LL NEVER EVEN KNOW
THAT I'M THERE!
OH I'LL KNOW!
I'LL KNOW BY THE SMELL.
SERENITY, SWEET
DREAMS. YOU, TOO.
GET SOME REST!
YUGI, WE GOT
A BIG DAY AHEAD,
SO LET'S GET US
SOME SHUTEYE.
UH-HUH.
ODDS ARE THAT ONE OF US
WILL HAVE TO DUEL MARIK,
AND THAT'S A BUTT-KICKING
WE'LL NEED
TO BE RESTED FOR!
Serenity: OH, JOEY?
QUESTION. HOW DO
YOU KNOW YOU AND YUGI
WON'T BE DUELING
EACH OTHER
IN THE SEMI-FINALS
INSTEAD OF DUELING MARIK?
WHAT? WATCH
WHAT YOU SAY, SIS!
YOU'RE GONNA JINX US!
[GIGGLING]
YUGI, THERE IS ONE MORE
THING I MUST GIVE TO YOU.
HUH?
IT IS A POWERFUL OBJECT
THAT I NO LONGER
HAVE ANY USE FOR.
THANKS. WHAT IS IT?
FATE CHOSE ME TO WEAR
THE MILLENNIUM NECKLACE,
BUT IT IS TIME
I PASSED ITS MAGIC
TO THE ONE WHO IS DESTINED
TO RESCUE THE WORLD
FROM DESPAIR.
YOU SEE, IT NO LONGER
SHOWS ME THE FUTURE, YUGI.
TAKE IT. I HAVE
COMPLETED MY MISSION,
AND NOW IT IS YOUR TURN.
JOEY, WE SHOULD
HEAD BACK TO THE ROOM
BEFORE LIGHTS OUT.
RIGHT.
SEE YOU
IN THE MORNING.
TRY AND GET SOME SLEEP.
Tristan: GOOD NIGHT.
Devlin: SWEET DREAMS.
Joey: LATER.
Yugi, voice-over: NOW
I HAVE TWO MILLENNIUM ITEMS!
I GUESS I'LL NEED THEM BOTH
TO PUT AN END TO MARIK'S PLAN!
ISHIZU, WAIT UP!
I HAVE A QUESTION
FOR YOU.
IF YUGI DEFEATS
THE DARK FORCE
INSIDE MARIK,
DOES THAT MEAN
THE WORLD WILL BE
SAFE FROM DANGER?
TELL ME.
IS THERE ANOTHER EVIL
OUT THERE SOMEWHERE?
HMM...I'M NOT SURE,
BUT YUGI NOW
POSSESSES THE POWER
TO DISCOVER THESE
ANSWERS.
GOOD EVENING, TEA.
SEE YOU LATER,
ISHIZU.
[ECHOED EVIL LAUGH]
Marik: I WON'T
BE DISCARDED THAT EASILY!
THAT FIEND MAY HAVE
TAKEN OVER MY BODY,
BUT A PORTION OF MY SPIRIT
REMAINS WITHIN YOU, TEA!
USE THE MILLENNIUM RING
TO DELIVER MY SPIRIT
INTO BAKURA AS WELL!
Voice-over: WELL, THE BATTLE
CITY FINALS END TOMORROW!
YUGI,
YOU MUST SLEEP.
BUT I'M WORRIED.
IT'S NATURAL FOR YOU
TO BE FRIGHTENED,
BUT TOGETHER
WE CAN DO THIS!
IT SEEMS LIKE
THINGS HAVE GOTTEN
SO FAR OUT OF HAND!
JUST WHEN I THINK I HAVE
MARIK ALL FIGURED OUT,
HE GOES AND BECOMES
20 TIMES MORE EVIL
THAN HE WAS
IN THE FIRST PLACE!
WE'LL DEFEAT HIM.
I WANT TO BELIEVE THAT,
BUT I'M NOT SO SURE.
YOU SAW WHAT HE DID
TO MAI.
THIS GUY'S
COMPLETELY INSANE!
AND I'M THE ONE
HE REALLY WANTS!
LET ME GUESS--
IF WE TRUST IN
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
WE CAN BEAT THIS GUY.
YES.
Yugi, voice-over: BUT THIS IS SO
MUCH MORE THAN JUST A CARD-GAME,
AND I DON'T WANNA LOSE
ANY MORE FRIENDS!
THIS MADNESS HAS TO STOP!
[EVIL LAUGHING]
ODION, IT'S TIME TO DO
WHAT I SHOULD
HAVE DONE AGES AGO.
IN ORDER
FOR ME TO SURVIVE,
YOU'LL HAVE TO BE SENT
TO THE SHADOWS.
Yami-Bakura: I'M AFRAID
I'LL HAVE TO STEP IN NOW!
THE SPIRIT OF
THE MILLENNIUM RING!
WELL, YOU'RE HALF RIGHT,
BUT I'VE GOT COMPANY
WITH ME THIS TIME.
THE REAL MARIK
IS HERE AS WELL.
Voice-over: IT APPEARS
THE ESSENCE OF MY WEAKER SELF
HAS TAKEN REFUGE
WITHIN THE BODY OF BAKURA!
Marik: I WANT
MY BODY BACK!
AND I BROUGHT
AN OLD FRIEND ALONG
TO HELP ME GET IT.
HE PROMISED ME
THE MILLENNIUM ROD
IF I CAN SUCCESSFULLY
DO AWAY WITH YOU.
HA HA HA.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE THE FOOL
WHO'S TRYING TO COLLECT
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
IF YOU HAND OVER
THE ROD,
YOU WON'T FORCE ME
TO ADD YOU
TO MY OTHER COLLECTION,
MARIK: MY VICTIMS.
MY MILLENNIUM ROD
CAN EASILY OVERPOWER
YOUR PITIFUL RING.
THEN TRY ME.
[LAUGHING]
ALL RIGHT.
UGH!
I TOLD YOU YOU WERE
NO MATCH FOR ME!
I'LL FINISH YOU OFF
ONCE I TAKE CARE
OF ODION.
[GROANING]
I CAN'T MOVE! ENOUGH!
WE ARE NOT AFRAID OF YOU.
NOW, JUST HAND OVER
THE OBJECT!
NO! IT SEEMS TO ME
THAT THE POWER
OF OUR ITEMS IS EQUAL.
PERHAPS YOU'D LIKE
TO DUEL ME
FOR THE RIGHTS
TO THE MILLENNIUM ROD?
IF YOU CAN HANDLE IT!
WHY DON'T WE
RAISE THE STAKES?
Yami-Marik: THE WINNING DUELIST
WILL KEEP THE MILLENNIUM ROD.
THE LOSER WILL BE BANISHED
TO THE SHADOW REALM.
DRAW YOUR CARDS
AND LET
THE SHADOW GAME BEGIN!
[LAUGHING]